[15.0][MIG] survey_result_mail: Migration to 15.0 (#88)
OCA/survey: survey_result_mail/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

To configure automatic result sending to the user:

#. Go to the survey you want to configure.

> #. In the *Options* tab, you'll find a new *Send survey answers* option that you can set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the *Options* tab, you'll find a new *Send Result Mail* option that you can set
```
This is how it appears in odoo

Author: I change the field string better
